throughout my extended career of 28 years, I had to relocate many times.
It seems I started off on the East Coast. Um, immediately, I went
overseas to Roosevelt Roads. Puerto Rico brought my wife with me there.
From there, I came back to the East Coast, which became a theme
or a jumping point. I then relocated to New Orleans. Louisiana came
back to the East Coast to the no folk Hampton Roads area. From there,
I went down to, um, South Carolina for Jackson and again, back to
the East Coast of Notebook. Been down in Camp Lejeune, North Carolina,
Cherry Point Area and back to, um, the Norfolk area. Now I'm a geo
bachelor where I travel up to the Pentagon during the week, and my
family is still located in the Virginia Beach area.